# <span style="color:Yellow">Minutes</span>

### <span style="color:LightBlue">The minutes for the 7th Mandatory Lab Meeting</span>


Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {03/04/2023}\
Time:           {14:45-15:10}\
Attendees:      {Cristian Benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}
Chair: Halid Çırak
Minute Taker: Cristian Benghe


## <span style="color:LightBlue">Minutes organized by Agenda Items</span>
   
  * ## Opening by chair
  
  The chairperson opened the meeting and welcomed all attendees, greeting everyone. 
  The meeting is going to be very rushed due to the short time slot.

* ## Check-in
  
  After a brief introduction, the chairperson asked everyone how they were doing, and whether they had completed their self-reflection, asking everyone about their feedback regarding each one's submission. The heuristic evaluation topic has been also mentioned. 
  Everyone is doing fine, read the self reflection and, unfortunately, failed the self-reflection mainly due to format issues.

  
* ## Announcements

  There are new deadlines for the final submissions of the Heuristic Usability Evaluation, Product Pitch, Self-reflection and the Final Code Submission. All of them being next tuesday.

* ## Approval of the agenda and minutes
  
  Everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting, no additions related to this subjects.
  Everyone read the agenda no additions, the subjects need to be a little rushed due to the small time window.

* ## Demo with the basic features and some advanced features
- ### Basic features completed, advanced features to go...

  All the basic features are implemented, small polishing is being done. Cristian showed the multiboard feature including autosync and other mentions regarding how normal users have their board information saved. David showed the usability of shortcuts (mainly highlighting). New previews for the drag and drop done by Halid. Yair showed the task implementation, drag and drop, auto sync. Denisa showed the functionality of customizing cards, boards etc.
  CSS will be added the following days.

  The feature branches are merged to main, but local bugs for each of us made the presentation of the demo for this week a little confusing. Therefore, we decided to present the demo in this format, everyone showing their work.

  All functioning features were assessed as "Good" as they require more inspection, which will be conducted at a later stage by the TA.

- ### Short revision of The Heuristic Usability Evaluation and Product Pitch.

  The TA was asked about our Heuristic Usability Evaluation, about how should we change it and what can be kept from the old one.

  These are the answers provided:
  We received the feedback from the other team for the old application, therefore we should continue developing the old one.
  We should mention that this is an older version of the application. However, it cannot be too different.
  We don't need to restart the heuristic feedback. Some parts are alright as they are right now. 
  We can add new paragraphs to the old one, polishing is also fine.
  We did not have any advanced features when we did the draft but the TA confirmed that this is ok, therefore we can add them later.

  The product pitch received insufficient for language. Sometimes we repeat ourselves in the script for the product pitch due to rephrasing. We need to read through the whole script to find the repetitions and other issues. We can polish the script and then each of us will create the videos, then we append the videos to each other's to create the final one. 


* ## Question Round

  Testing, we did not have tests in client. We do not have full tests, just templates we need to create more tests based on those templates.

  We received joyful feedback from our TA regarding the GitLab, she mentioning that it looks great. 

  For now we focus on finishing the application and fixing bugs.

  Regarding the self-reflection. How should we do the structure?
  We need to make a distinction on what situation is explained with subtitles for explaining.
  Divide the whole using subtitles. (situation, task, action, result etc.)


  Important note from the TA:
  We should try to finish the code some hours before the deadline, pipelines would probably work slow on Tuesday night and we should have everything on main or else we might be late and, therefore, miss our last deadline.

  Other suggestions from the TA: 
  Focus on the product pitch, it is what sells the application. The product pitch will influence the final questions. The application will be run at some point, but the Q&A will include questions regarding the product video. If the video is well-rounded this will by far help our grade. What our TA observed along the process of constructing our application will also be important for grading.

  What should be done in README? What is unsual in terms of how to run the application? Tips to make running easier.
  Basically, instructions for the application should be included in the README file. It does not have to be very detailed.

* ## Summary action points

Polishing each feature and including tests is the main goal of our team right now.

| Person | Advanced Feature |
|----------|----------|
| Cristian    | MultiBoard |
| Denisa    | Customization |
| Yair    | Cards can have details    |
| David    | Shortcuts    |
| Halid    | Polishing Drag and Drop + Help for shortcuts and card customization|
| Teodora    | Tags    |

Denisa will be our next minute taker and Yair will be our last chairperson!
The next meeting will also be a short one.

* ## The chair closed the meeting.




