## Taking minutes
---
Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {07/03/2023}\
Main focus:     {Backlog and Task division}\
Chair:          {Teodora Mihaila}\
Note taker:     {Halid Çırak}\
Attendees:      {Cristian benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}

# Opening by the chair
Everybody is feeling fine about the git assignment.

# Check in
Everyone confirmed that the set-ups are working properly. We have new assignments coming up. We can see them on the Brightspace.

# Announcements
The chairperson said the deadline for the meaningful request and BuddyCheck is on Friday.

# Approval of the agenda
We all decided that we should add the discussion about the new (actual) backlog to the agenda.

# Approval minutes
Everyone approved the minutes from the last meeting.

# Demo
  * We did UI pop-ups (scenes) related to the backlog/MOCK that we have before.
  * We uploaded the classes, scenes, and tests as a coding part.
  * Because we didn't make the actual connection between classes, scenes, database, and controllers, we couldn't show a valid Demo to the TA. We decided to work on that later on.

# Backlog Polish
   ### The actual/official backlog is uploaded:
   * We reviewed the backlog in general.
   * We had a discussion on the Epics and User Stories on the Basic Requirements of the actual backlog.
   * According to the discussion, we decided to make a task division (Frontend/Backend with subtasks) and upload the individual/group tasks to the GitLab issues section.

   ### We talked about what are our differences between our backlog and the actual/formal backlog:
   * We agreed on, in general, our backlog, and the actual backlog is pretty similar.
   * There are some differences in terms of user interface/scenes.
   * There were some questions about scene/mock differences, and we decided to clarify them later on.
   * We decided that we need to put a disconnect button on the home page. We will upload the updated version without changing the actual backlog that we uploaded before. We will only upload the changed part as an update (not the whole document, so to say).



# Frontend/Backend Tasks Division
- We agreed on that **we need to**:
  - do the back-end (set up the database respondent).
  - set up the scenes to make a connection properly with other program components.
  - do the programming for the basic feature functionalities.
  - decide how the task distribution will be and when the deadline will be.
  - identify the issues (about the actual code we got) linked to the GitLab.

* Our milestones are basic features, epics, and stories (some of the advanced features maybe).
* We decided to create the Division of Task document in a proper format to make a clear overview.
* We decided to discuss the database schema later in future meetings to make small corrections to it.
* We discussed the user stories one by one. We agreed that we have a proper UI for them.
* We agreed on, for now, the task is mostly on the back-end part. If the front-end workload arises we will update ourselves to find a proper solution (task division etc.).
* We categorized the tasks in terms of similarity (as intertwined) parts to each other.
* We categorized the task into 6 categories:
  * 2 categories for the front-end part, 4 categories for the back-end part.
  * Yair and Halid will be working on the front end, and Cristian, David, Denisa, and Teodora will be working on the back end part.


# Summary of action points

* Did everyone understand how the BuddyCheck works? Who will be the next chair and minute-taker? We agreed to add the issues and we agreed on a one/two-week sprint.

# Feedback round
We could be a little bit more organized. For the next meeting, we decided to categorize the issues before the meeting and put the in the proper platform (for ex. google docs or Gitlab issues, etc).

# Question round

* Is there any relation between tags and boards in the database that we should consider?
  * We decided to discuss it later on.
<br></br>
* What are the icons/symbols on the UI of the actual backlog/board overview (appears on the card)? Why is it "your boards" instead of "boards" as long as we don't have user recordings?
  * We should ask the questions related to the mock of the backlog to the mattermost.
<br></br>
* Which backlog should we follow?
  * In terms of mock flexibility we might follow our backlog and actual/official backlog together, in terms of epics and stories we should stick to the official backlog.
<br></br>
* Do we have multiple servers or just one single server that should work (the question is according to the backlog)?
  * It might actually be saying something about the disconnection of all users at the same time to switch/replace the server. We might ask to the mattermost for that also.
<br></br>
* Is it better to have milestones for each week or is it okay to have milestones for each epic in the backlog?
  * For epics, labels are fine. For the milestones, we have to do one per week.
<br></br>
* General questions about (meaningful) merge requests.
  * We might wait for the 2 approvals. Commenting on the merge requests is good if necessary.
  We do need to check the pipeline before merge requests.
<br></br>
* Do we have to change the tag management?
  * We decided to update the tag part in our database schema and hierarchy according to the backlog.

# Closing
* We will send meaningful merge request ids/links to the TA to be checked. Do not forget to do BuddyCheck!

* Next minute taker: Yair Chizi
* Next chair-person: Denisa Arsene

