# <span style="color:Yellow">Agenda</span>

### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda for the 8th Mandatory Lab Meeting</span>


Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {04/11/2023}\
Time:           {14:45-15:10}\
Attendees:      {Cristian Benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}


### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda Items</span>
---
* 14:45 - 14:47   
  **Opening by chair**


* 14:47 - 14:48   
  **Check-in** <br />
  How is everyone doing? Are there any last minute issues with the code? the product pitch? the heuristic evaluation?


* 14:48 - 14:50  
  **Announcements** <br />
  The final deadline for the code, product pitch, and the heuristic evaluation is tonight.
  The final deadline for the buddy check and the self reflection is this upcoming Friday.


* 14:50 - 14:51 <br />
  **Approval of the agenda and minutes** <br />
  Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?
  Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?


* 14:51 - 14:55  <br />
  **recap of the teamwork process and giving thanks** <br />


* 14:55- 15:05 <br />
  **Demo demonstration of the complete application.** <br />


* 15:08 - 15:10 <br />
  **Questions round** <br />
  Does anyone have anything to add?  Any questions for the TA? What TA think of our process at the end? What final touches can be made about the project, what should we focus more on?<br />


* 15:08 - 15:10
  **Summary actions points** <br />
  Make sure that everything is prepared for the deadlines due tonight and on Friday.  


* 15:10 <br />
  **Closing** <br />



