## Taking minutes
---
Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {28/02/2023}\
Main focus:     {Polish backlog}\
Chair:          {Cristian Benghe}\
Note taker:     {Denisa Arsene}\
Attendees:      {Cristian benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}

# Opening by chair
We gathered to discuss the backlog and to gain an insight into the deadline for Meaningful MR.

# Check in
Chairperson asked about the Git assignment.Everyone can connect to Git, push, commit, and we have maneged to resolve all conflicts.
 We should all finish the the Git assignmnet this week.
# Announcements
The chairperson said we should discuss feedback for backlog, we had a discussion about terminology and stakeholders before the meeting. 
!There is no deadline for code of conduct, we could update it later, it is only pass or fail!
# Approval of the agenda
We all decided that we shuld cut minutes from feedback and add more time to discuss the backlog.
# Approval minutes
Everone approved of the minutes from last time.
# Backlog feedback
   ## 1)Short overview
  * We tried to divide the users by intent and functionality before the meeting, but the TA told us she actually meant in the feedback that we should include students, office workers(so that it shows we thought more about the meaning of stakeholders)
   * Our approach is kind of extreme but good, we need to discuss what the users should be
   * We tried to divide admins into mantainers and the moderator that checks if the data is right
   * The TA explained that Epics are very generic descriptions of a feature(example:the tags, with is the user stories which specifies exactly the requirements, we prioritize the epics in the order of importance, categorize epics, within each epic prioritize the stories), 
   * Epics can be found on the slides, basic descriptions of the features
   * There should be seven epics
  * !!!!Somebody should identify the main epics for the next meeting!!!
   * We need to disucss what functionalities are related to that epic?How many people and who would do that task?

   ## 2)Backlog polish
   ### We talked about what we should change in the backlog:

   * ### Terminology:
    Column:an ordered list of cards based on priority that has constrains:
    Limit of cards to display(+costumization for advanced feature)
    Limit of cards to have
    Should we have favorite cards?
    Pinnable cards:advanced feature

   * If we add extra feature we don't get extra points
   * if we polish the features that we have on the slides and those are right it is enough

  * We need to decide default values for number of columns, default titles

   * If the column is empty, the add button could say something like :"you don't have a card yet"
   * Tags : we could search a column in a board by tags 
   * Multiboarding: we have to resolve conflicts?
   * Each column is characterized by its ID, rather than by its name


# Meaningful MR (10th of March Deadline)

* We discussed how to divide the tasks for the backlog and for the actual coding
* The person who would design the user interface could also design the mocks
* Everyone has to work for both backend and frontend
* We could team into two: switch every week:team for frontend, team for frontend, only one person switches in a week so that one of is kept updated with that part of the project(suggested by the TA)
* The TA told us that starting from next week, every week we shoud present a demo of our project, show new features to show progress, it doesn't have to be complete
* It was suggested by somebody that we should have uniform groups when the deadline approaches, when we will know the state of the project
* We should discuss the workflow and impose some rules(Example :message in commit should be in present sense)
* We said we should merge files on another branch and merge that branch to main in the end: two devs: front+end
* The TA said we should always commit our own code so that it is clear who did what
* On the final Q&A you can be asked about backend and frontend, so everybody should work on both

# Summary of action points

### We used a random group generator: two groups of 3
### We divided the work into backend and frontend, and we will decide after the meeting what each team will do
### Teams:
* Team 1: Denisa, Yair, Halid
* Team 2: Cristian, David, Teodora

# Feedback round
The meetings was well-received by all the group members.

# Question round

* Q: do we need the final version of the backlog next friday? A: we can't modify it afterwards, the draft doesn't matter for the grade
* Q: What are the deadlines for uploading the minutes and the agenda on Gitlab? A: Agenda:two days before the meeting, Minutes:until friday.
* The format of the agenda can also be pdf
* We can put the minutes and agenda in the same folder, not merged
* The TA exaplined that you have two applications:server and client.The server runs on the computer on a certain local host(probably 8080), we make API, routes, and in the curly brackets we put the id of the board
# Closing

* Next minute taker:Halid Çırak
* Next chair-person:Teodora Mihaila




