# <span style="color:Yellow">Agenda</span>

### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda for the 5th Mandatory Lab Meeting</span>


Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {21/03/2023}\
Time:     {15:45-16:30}\
Attendees:      {Cristian Benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}


### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda Items</span>
---
* 15:45 - 15:47   
  **Opening by chair**

* 15:47 - 15:50   
  **Check-in** <br />
  How is everyone doing? Did all of you read about Heuristic Usability Evaluation and what it should contain? (Prototyping, Evaluation and Report, Submission). Deadline for code submission is 7th of April.

* 15:50 - 15:53   
  **Announcements** <br />
  Deadline of the Draft for Heuristic Usability Evaluation this Friday(24 March). Final version has deadline the 7th of April.
* 15:53 - 15:54  
  **Approval of the agenda** <br />
  Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

* 15:54 - 15:55  
  **Approval minutes** <br />
  Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?

* 15:55 - 16:05  
  **Demo with the progress made last 2 weeks** <br />
  Connection to server/Connection with the database/Display the list of boards/Enter a specific board with an ID/drag and drop/add columns and cards in the database/delete boards

* 16:05 - 16:20  
  **Frontend/Backend tasks division**<br />
  **1) [10 min.] Brainstorm** about the next tasks that need to be implemented (in order of priority: Multiboards, Nested Cards, Tags, Customization, Keyboard shortcuts, Password Protected Boards) <br />
  **2) [5 min.] Divide the tasks** in the 2 teams(frontend and backend). Any changes in the teams structure?


* 16:20 - 16:23  
  **Summary actions points** <br />
  Did everyone understand what they have to do until the next meeting? Decide deadlines for the divided tasks and the order to implement remaining features. Who will be the next chair and minute-taker?

* 16:23 - 16:24  
  **Feedback round** <br />
  What went well and what can be improved?

* 15:24 - 15:29  
  **Questions round** <br />
  Does anyone have anything to add?  Any questions for the TA?
* 16:29 - 16:30  
  **Closure**



