## Taking minutes
---
Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {07/03/2023}\
Main focus:     {Backlog and Task division}\
Chair:          {Teodora Mihaila}\
Note taker:     {Halid Çırak}\
Attendees:      {Cristian benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Çırak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}

# Opening by the chair
Everybody is feeling fine about the git assignment.

# Check in


# Announcements

* How does the heuristic evaulation works?
  * The other group will recieve instructions/guidance from us on what to do during their evaluation. This will be given in the methods section.
  * The other group will use the guidance to do the evaluation and report back the usability issues they encountered.
  * Our final report will be about OUR product USING the other group's reported issues.
  * Reasonable for friday to do the introduction and methodology ("anyting up to and including methodology will be great." -- TA)
  * Group 55 will be are partner group.


* On the summative grade that appeared in BrightSpace
  * The TA is not sure about how it was calculated and what it means.

# Approval of the agenda
There were no issues with the agenda.

# Approval minutes
There were no issues with the previous minute notes.

# Demo
  * Question on auto-synchronization: lecturers said that we should use webSockets, but long-polling is a better option.
    * We need to consult the learning objectives for which method to use. By the TA, if the lectuerers said to use one method, then we need to use that method. The application doesn't need to be "performative."
  * The new CheckStyle was added with a build successful pipeline. There are around 20 CheckStyle rules, where at least 10 are needed by the instructions (according to the TA).

# Frontend/Backend tasks division 
   ### Brainstorm:
  * Some of the gitLab features were not known by us until recently. We realized that we can use some of the in-line commenting features for MR.
  * For this week, we will focus on doing the first four advanced epics: multiboards, nested cards, tags, and customization.
    * Multiboards is partly implemented, but we still need some admin features such as log-in features.
    * Nested cards won't be a problem to implement. We can create a single issue for that one.
   * Testing should also be implemented in the project.
    *  How much does testing affect the final grade? -- The TA doesn't know the final contribution of the testing to the grade. The testing doesn't need to be intensive (as we are yet to do the Software Quality Testing) since it is not the main focus of the project. The line coverage of the tests should be about 70%.
   * The deadline for the programming is on week 8, but we want to finish the programming by week 7. This will allow us to polish the software over the last week.
  * code contribution feedback:
    * Testing and .FXML files do not count towards final contribution.
    * Most of the code contribution (including that which survived) is made by Christian and Yair.
    * Halid needs to have more JAVA code contribution, preferably on the back-end side.
    * The MRs so far are very short in terms of length and number of commits. MRs should have more commits than that.
    * We need to have more discussion before approving an MR: more comments and suggestions should be made. Also, more commits should be added to MR if the discussion demands a change.

   ### Division of tasks:
  * In order to divide the tasks, we will create issues.
    * We need to ensure that each task is assigned to at least one person.
    * We should first create the issues, and then assign the issues and divide the responsibilities.
   * We have heard that some groups implement users. It won't be a problem and it might be helpful in testing.
   * The order of the implementation won't be penalized heavily. Overlap of user stories won't be considered.


# Summary of action points

* Christian, David, and Halid are assigned to complete the Drag-and-Drop, auto-synchronization, and multiboards.
* Yair, Denisa, and Teodora are assigned to complete the nested description, tag support, and customization.

# Feedback round
The meeting went well.

# Question round
* This week the TA will fill in the Technology rubric.
  * By Friday, we need to send the TA a list of the locations in the application where a particular technology is used and implemented.

# Closing
* We will send meaningful merge request ids/links to the TA to be checked. Do not forget to do BuddyCheck!

* Next chair-person: David
* Next minute taker: Teodora

