# <span style="color:Yellow">Agenda</span>

### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda for the 6th Mandatory Lab Meeting</span>


Location:       {DW, PC1}\
Date:           {28/03/2023}\
Time:     {15:50-16:35}\
Attendees:      {Cristian Benghe, David Ghergut, Denisa Arsene, Halid Ã‡Ä±rak, Teodora Mihaila, Yair Chizi}


### <span style="color:LightBlue">Agenda Items</span>
---
* â³ 15:50 - 15:51   
  **Opening by chair ğŸ‘‹ğŸ»**

* â³ 15:51 - 15:55   
  **Check-in ğŸšª** <br />
  How is everyone doing? Did all of you read about Teamwork Self Reflection and what does the draft imply? (Situation, Task, Action, Result, Reflection, Advice; possible questions about the assignment). How about the draft for the Product Pitch? 

* â³ 15:55 - 15:58   
  - **Announcements ğŸ“£** <br />
  Deadline of the drafts for Teamwork Self Reflection and the Product Pitch Evaluation is this Friday (31 March). The deadline for the Product Pitch is the 7th of April, whereas for the Teamwork Self Reflection is 13th of April.
  - **ğŸš¨VERY IMPORTANTğŸš¨** <br />
  The deadline for the final code submission is next Friday (7th of April).

* â³ 15:58 - 15:59  
  **Approval of the agenda âœ…** <br />
  Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

* â³ 15:59 - 16:00  
  **Approval minutes âœ…** <br />
  Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?

* â³ 16:00 - 16:05  
  **Demo with the progress made last week ğŸƒğŸ»â€** <br />
  Add columns and cards in the database / Auto-synchronization / etc.

* â³ 16:05 - 16:25  
  **Frontend/Backend tasks division ğŸ¯**<br />
  - **1) [5 min.] Discuss about the product pitch video ğŸ¥** -> contents and overall layout of the video and how will the team proceed to create the video <br />
  - **2) [5 min.] Discuss about the Task and Planning rubric ğŸ“‹** (*Yair's request*) <br />
  - **3) [5 min.] Brainstorm ğŸ¤”** about the next tasks that need to be implemented (in order of priority: **finish** *Multiboards*, **begin** *Nested Cards, Tags, Customization, Keyboard shortcuts, Password Protected Boards*) <br />
  - **4) [5 min.] Divide the tasks ğŸš€** in the 2 teams (frontend and backend). Any changes in the teams structure?

* â³ 16:25 - 16:28  
  **Summary actions points** <br />
  Did everyone understand what they have to do until the next meeting? Decide deadlines for the divided tasks and the order to implement remaining features. Who will be the chair and minute-taker for next week's meeting?

* â³ 16:28 - 16:29  
  **Feedback round ğŸ—£ï¸** <br />
  What went well and what can be improved?

* â³ 15:29 - 15:34  
  **Questions round ğŸ™‹â€** <br />
  Does anyone have anything to add?  Any questions for the TA?

* â³ 16:34 - 16:35  
  **Closure ğŸ‘** 



